On purpose – Jaan bbujker
I suspect that he made that mistake on purpose.
2) Keep in mind – yad rakhna
Keep in mind that he is a liar.
3) All of a sudden – 
He became serious all of sudden.
4) So far – ab tak
So far, I have completed only one program.
5) At a glance – ek nazar me
I recognize her at a glance.
6) In a matter of second.
People are fired in a matter of second.
7) Run out of –
They have run out of money.
They are running out of cash.
8)  Safe and sound – 
We arrived home safe and sound.
9) Have a word with – kisi se bat karna
Can I have a word with you?
10) From scratch – start from zero
 We need to start our framework from scratch.
11) Day in day out / Round the clock – din rat kam karna
He worked day in day out to become a doctor.
He studied round the clock to pass the exam.
12) In a nutshell – short me
In a nutshell, I dislike him.
13)  Sooner or  later – kavi na kavi 
Sooner or later he will realize his mistake.
14) Instead of  - 
I would like to eat rice instead of roti.

15) In the first place – pahli bat ye hai ki
In the first place, you need to talk to her.
16)  Like a fish out of water – idom 
After she left, I felt like a fish out of water.
17) Over and over / Again and again– Bar bar
Don’t make this mistake over and over.
We should not commit same mistake again and again.
18) Look forward to – utsukta se dhekna
I am looking forward to seeing you again.
19)  Keep an eye on – nazar rakna
Keep an eye on this automation execution.
20) A couple of – ek doo k aas pas
I have seen this defect couple of time.
She will be back in couple of minutes.
21) In the course of – ke dauran
She will get used to school in the course of time. – kuch time ke bad use to ho jayegi
22) In any case – kisi v situation me 
23) In no case - kisi v situation me nahi 
24) In that case - us situation me
In that case, you should restart your system.
25) For the time being – kuch time k liye
She is staying with her friend for the time being.
26) At time – kavi kavi
He can be very rude at times.
27) Out of the question – impossible
Going dinner is out the question.
28) Off and on – kavi kavi 
It has been raining off and on since noon.
Application is working off and on.
29) on and on – all times (lagatar)
They talked on and on until four o’clock in the morning.
30) High time – kisi kam ko karne ka sahi sayam
What is the high time to go into production/UAT?
It’s high time to take action on him.
31) At any moment 
We can deploy this application in UAT at any moment.
32) At first sight –
I found this defect at first sight.
33) All in all – kul mile kar
All in all, we have completed this execution within time.
34) Ups and down –
She has seen a lot of ups and down in her life.
35) Ins and outs – pura knowledge
He knows ins and outs about EMG application.
36) Give up – har man lena
Keep on going, never give up.
37) Give and take – lena and dena lagatar
You give and take your knowledge.
